Docs: Documentation for the AG Grid (#269)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user_guides/table.md

See below for an overview of currently supported table functions.

### Dash AG Grid

> The [Dash AG Grid](https://dash.plotly.com/dash-ag-grid) is an interactive table/grid component designed for viewing, editing, and exploring large datasets.
> It is Vizro's recommended table implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Dash AG Grid](https://dash.plotly.com/dash-ag-grid) is an interactive table/grid component designed for viewing, editing, and exploring tabular data. It is Vizro's recommended table implementation.
```

You can use the [Dash AG Grid](https://dash.plotly.com/dash-ag-grid) in Vizro by importing
```py
from vizro.tables import dash_ag_grid
```
The Vizro version of this grid differs in one way from the original Dash AG Grid: it requires the user to provide a pandas dataframe as source of data.
This must be entered under the argument `data_frame`. All other [parameters of the Dash AG Grid](https://dash.plotly.com/dash-ag-grid/reference) can be entered as keyword arguments. Note that we are
setting some defaults for some of the arguments to help with styling and usability.

Note also that Dash AG Grid is based the original [Javascript implementation](https://www.ag-grid.com/).

!!! example "Dash AG Grid"
    === "app.py"
        ```py
        import vizro.models as vm
        import vizro.plotly.express as px
        from vizro import Vizro
        from vizro.tables import dash_ag_grid

        df = px.data.gapminder().query("year == 2007")

        page = vm.Page(
            title="Example of a Dash AG Grid",
            components=[

>                 vm.Table(id="table", title="Dash AG Grid", figure=dash_ag_grid(data_frame=df)),

Reviewer: I think we've aligned that we won't add an ID to the examples/docs anymore unless required

```suggestion
                vm.Table(title="Dash AG Grid", figure=dash_ag_grid(data_frame=df)),
```

            ],
            controls=[vm.Filter(column="continent")],
        )
        dashboard = vm.Dashboard(pages=[page])

        Vizro().build(dashboard).run()
        ```
    === "app.yaml"
        ```yaml
        # Still requires a .py to register data connector in Data Manager and parse yaml configuration
        # See from_yaml example
        pages:
        - components:
          - figure:
              _target_: dash_ag_grid
              data_frame: gapminder_2007
            title: Dash AG Grid
            id: table
            type: table
          controls:
            - column: continent
              type: filter
          title: Example of a Dash AG Grid
        ```
    === "Result"
        [![Table]][Table]

    [Table]: ../../assets/user_guides/table/table.png

#### Styling/Modifying the Dash AG Grid

> As mentioned above, all [parameters of the Dash AG Grid](https://dash.plotly.com/dash-ag-grid/reference) can be entered as keyword arguments. Below you can find

Reviewer: As soon as this PR is merged: https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/267

Let's replace the demo example with the ag-grid one and add the ag-grid to the features-dashboard 👍
